good day everyone will be short now
review on board game svintus rules
etiquette
so playing it is very interesting with very
simple rules that's fun not to play
and in the company from two there to 10 people
possible but best of all if 34 people
will at least play it here is the game
inexpensive
the rule is very similar to
rules of the board game crazy but if you
there is such a map there as a change
there is no such direction
but there are other interesting cards and so
what the essence of the task is to get rid of
all pairs if one player eliminates
from all their card the game is considered
finished all the other players consider
how much they have part left well, easier
just play like u from main cards
digital most of them
the easiest way to finish the game is to count
digital ports here and then there let's say
the one of the players and who is scoring 100 points
here and loses you can play the opposite
the player who you are him
all the points that are on are counted
the hands of other players and now if this
figure there becomes 100 or 200 then
then this player wins
for all scored more points
the rules are simple and that means
let's say a five on it puddle either
the same color blue or the same
number five to another
other color can be exactly the same
put the top five blue in not the queue then
there is no turn you can
reset the same ports is about to
colored cards with pictures they fall
just the color of the color or the picture
Do you want to lay out the Khadija card
the player takes his hands away from if u
he has the same card he wanted
and it puts and already means the next
the player takes the cards quietly hryun if
This card is laid out while he is a player
laid out and and again will not put the card
everyone should be silent here if someone
interrupt this silence with words then
he must draw two cards
police blame great
card falls absolutely on any
on any card on any color on any
the figure here and laid the color of this
the clap hoof player most interesting
card because when it is laid out
all players must
cover the deck with your hands but I mean
vodka someone on which falls
The main ports of the players if someone does not
manages to cover the deck or covers
her last then he takes himself on
two cards here there are more such snake
ports
well, it's easier for me
probably play without them here's the game
principle
calculated on the age of players from 5 years
that is, everyone can play a game enough
fun especially if you have a big
company see the rules of the game and
detailed description you can on the website
game xcom him
Thanks for attention